wms general  


General Attributes
------------------
Key                           Value
---                           -----
poll-interval                 60000
poll-retries                  3
ap-ageout-interval            30
adhoc-ap-ageout-interval      5
sta-ageout-interval           30
learn-ap                      disable
persistent-neighbor           enable
persistent-valid-sta          disable
propagate-wired-macs          enable
learn-system-wired-macs       disable
stat-update                   disable
collect-stats                 disable
classification-server-ip      2.2.2.2
rtls-port                     8000
wms-on-master                 enable
event-correlation             disabled
event-correlation-quiet-time  900
use-db                        disable
calc-poll-interval            60000
Switch IP                     172.186.123.57
Is Master                     disable
Minutes Tick                  30230

